New pattern - REST API Hello World (.NET) (#2400)
aws-samples/serverless-patterns: apigw-rest-api-lambda-dotnet/README.md

# Hello World AWS Lambda and Amazon API Gateway REST API

This project contains source code and supporting files for a serverless application that you can deploy with the AWS SAM CLI. It includes the following files and folders.

> - hello_world - Code for the application's Lambda function.

Reviewer: Shoudn't that be `src/HelloWorld`?

> - src/hello_world - Code for the application's Lambda function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- src/HelloWorld - Code for the application's Lambda function.
```

* **Allow AWS SAM CLI IAM role creation**: Many AWS SAM templates, including this example, create AWS IAM roles required for the AWS Lambda function(s) included to access AWS services. By default, these are scoped down to minimum required permissions. To deploy an AWS CloudFormation stack which creates or modifies IAM roles, the `CAPABILITY_IAM` value for `capabilities` must be provided. If permission isn't provided through this prompt, to deploy this example you must explicitly pass `--capabilities CAPABILITY_IAM` to the `sam deploy` command.
* **Save arguments to samconfig.toml**: If set to yes, your choices will be saved to a configuration file inside the project, so that in the future you can just re-run `sam deploy` without parameters to deploy changes to your application.

You can find your API Gateway Endpoint URL in the output values displayed after deployment.

## Use the AWS SAM CLI to test locally

> The SAM CLI installs dependencies defined in `hello_world/package.json`, creates a deployment package, and saves it in the `.aws-sam/build` folder.

Reviewer: Isn't dependency management handled differently here?

Author: Fixed, thank you!
